couple of your town to see what's going
on so Greenville we've heard you we're
going to be looking at some of the times
that we spend there in Greenville from
Dallas to Greenville that's about 50
minutes and so we're so sorry sometimes
we stand in front of your town but I
wanted to see what was so special so I
went out there check it out this is why
you love where you live just a hop skip
and jump away from downtown Dallas the
grass really does get greener
welcome to Greenville it's the perfect
combination of a small-town meets your
favorite episode of Cheers
where everyone knows your name first off
on my trip another name every windows çb
hamburgers it's an institution in
Greenville that's been serving up the
best burgers in town since 1941 it all
started with CD buses a man with a goal
and a grill now nephew Liam Bolton along
with his wife Cindy have taken over the
kitchen it's all I can say it's what's
kept me here before we do you and they
even let me take over the kitchen for a
hot second
this is a moment of truth net stop
Landon winery head winemaker Bob Linden
put his dreams into motion over eight
years ago opening up his own winery in
Texas Texas has grown so much it is the
fifth largest producing wine state in
the country and when you take a sip
you're actually tasting local grapes
eighty percent of all Texas grapes are
grown in Texas High Plains out southwest
of Lubbock where we are winemaker - mad
scientist landed took us to his
laboratory in the back where the wine
comes to life
so Jason I might make him say Bob we
need to blend up the Tempranillo to 2012
and still have any sort of wines I can
then tape all the barrels full of the
blend aftercare a problem but before I
could relax with my Moscato I had to
make a special delivery are you Janine
Janine Cunningham calls herself the
Greenville grandma she lived in
Greenville most of her life and not only
does everyone know Janine but they know
her shop the calico cats it's been
Greenville specialty boutique for over
40 years actually hundred years old my
mother works here when I was at first
second third fourth grade some kind of
bribe in this building as well she grew
up here and she's staying here all the
good things about a small town still
exist here a small town with big hearts
even forgiving ones okay we do